The Story of Gold e locks and the Three Bears

Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Gold e Locks.  She  went for a walk in the forest.  Pretty soon, she came upon a house.  She knocked and, when no one answered, she walked right in.

At the table in the kitchen, there were three bowls of porridge.  Gold e locks was hungry.  She tasted the porridge from the first bowl.

"This porridge is too hot!" she exclaimed.

So, she tasted the porridge from the second bowl.

"This porridge is too cold," she said

So, she tasted the last bowl of porridge.

"Ahhh, this porridge is just right," she said happily and she ate it all up.

After she'd eaten the three bears' breakfasts she decided she was feeling a little tired.  So, she walked into the living room where she saw three chairs.  Gold e. locks sat in the first chair to rest her feet.  

"This chair is too big!" she exclaimed.

So she sat in the second chair.

"This chair is too big, too!"  she whined.

So she tried the last and smallest chair.

"Ahhh, this chair is just right," she sighed.  But just as she settled down into the chair to rest, it broke into pieces!

She wanted to call her friend so she looked for a phone,

The first phone was a rotary phone. 

"This phone is too old!" she whined

The next phone was still in the packaging.

"This phone is too new!" she said.

The last phone was sitting on the charger and didn't have a lock.

"Perfect!" gold e locks cried, and she dialed 5712094000.

Gold e locks was very tired by this time, so she went upstairs to the bedroom.  She lay down in the first bed, but it was too hard.  Then she lay in the second bed, but it was too soft.  Then she lay down in the third bed and it was just right.  Gold e locks fell asleep.

As she was sleeping, the 3 bears came home.

"Someone's been eating my porridge," growled the Papa bear.

"Someone's been eating my porridge," said the Mama bear.

"Someone's been eating my porridge and they ate it all up!" cried the Baby bear.

"Someone's been using my phone," growled the Papa bear.

"Someone's been using my phone," said the Mama bear.

"Someone's been using my phone and they called (571) 209-4000!" cried the Baby bear.

"Someone's been sitting in my chair," growled the Papa bear.

"Someone's been sitting in my chair," said the Mama bear.

"Someone's been sitting in my chair and they've broken it all to pieces," cried the Baby bear.

They decided to look around some more and when they got upstairs to the bedroom, Papa bear growled, "Someone's been sleeping in my bed,"

"Someone's been sleeping in my bed, too" said the Mama bear

"Someone's been sleeping in my bed and she's still there!" exclaimed Baby bear.

Just then, Gold E. Locks woke up and saw the three bears.  She screamed, "Help!"  And she jumped up and ran out of the room.  gold e locks ran down the stairs, opened the door, and ran away into the forest.  And she never returned to the home of the three Bears.

THE END